Updated Item property override in 1.16 (#340)
MinecraftForge/Documentation: docs/models/overrides.md

Item Property Overrides
=======================

Item properties are a way for the "properties" of items to be exposed to the model system. An example is the bow, where the most important property is how far the bow has been pulled. This information is then used to choose a model for the bow, creating an animation for pulling it.

> An item property assigns a certain `float` value to every `ItemStack` it is registered for, and vanilla item model definitions can use these values to define "overrides", where an item defaults to a certain model, but if an override matches, it overrides the model and uses another. They are useful mainly because they are continuous. For example, bows use item properties to define their pull animation. Since the value of the property is a `float`, it increases continuously from 0 to 1. This allows resource packs to add as many models as they want for the bow pulling animation along that spectrum, instead of being stuck with four "slots" for their models in the animation. The same is true of the compass and clock.

Reviewer: Could you add some clarification/explicit info. that the `float` value is not limited to `0.0`-`1.0`, and can be any value in the range of a `float`?
> Since the value of the property is a `float`, it increases continuously from 0 to 1.

This implies that the value is restricted to `0.0`-`1.0`, which can be confusing when encountering this for the first time.

Adding Properties to Items
--------------------------

> `ItemModelsProperties::registerGlobalProperty` is used to add a property to all items, it does not take `Item` as it's parameter. `ItemModelsProperties::registerProperty` is used to add a property to a certain item. The `Item` parameter is the item the property is attaching to (e.g. ExampleItems.APPLE). The `ResourceLocation` parameter is the name given to the property (e.g. `new ResourceLocation("pull")`). The `IItemPropertyGetter` is a function that takes the `ItemStack`, the `ClientWorld` it's in (may be null), and the `LivingEntity` that holds it (may be null), returning the `float` value for the property. For modded item properties, it is recommended that the modid of the mod is used as the namespace (e.g. `examplemod:property` and not just `property`, as that really means `minecraft:property`). These should be done in FMLClientSetupEvent.

Reviewer: > `ItemModelsProperties::registerGlobalProperty` is used to add a property to all items, it does not take `Item` as it's parameter. 

The method is by default `private static`. Should either be removed, or moved to the bottom and clarified that it is `private`.

> The `IItemPropertyGetter` is a function that **...**
It's more of a functional interface. Might want to mention that too.

!!! important

>     Use DeferredWorkQueue to proceed the task, since the data structures in ItemModelsProperties are not threadsafe.

Reviewer 2: `DeferredWorkQueue` has been replaced by `event.enqueueWork()`

Item Property Overrides
=======================

Item properties are a way for the "properties" of items to be exposed to the model system. An example is the bow, where the most important property is how far the bow has been pulled. This information is then used to choose a model for the bow, creating an animation for pulling it.

> An item property assigns a certain `float` value to every `ItemStack` it is registered for, and vanilla item model definitions can use these values to define "overrides", where an item defaults to a certain model, but if an override matches, it overrides the model and uses another. They are useful mainly because they are continuous. For example, bows use item properties to define their pull animation. The item models are decided by the 'float' number predicates, it is not limited but in this case we use values between 0.0F and 1.0F as the example. This allows resource packs to add as many models as they want for the bow pulling animation along that spectrum, instead of being stuck with four "slots" for their models in the animation. The same is true of the compass and clock.

Reviewer 3: In *this* case? Which case? This should probably just say "is not limited but generally between..."
```suggestion
An item property assigns a certain `float` value to every `ItemStack` it is registered for, and vanilla item model definitions can use these values to define "overrides", where an item defaults to a certain model, but if an override matches, it overrides the model and uses another. They are useful mainly because they are continuous. For example, bows use item properties to define their pull animation. The item models are decided by the 'float' number predicates, it is not limited but generally between `0.0F` and `1.0F`. This allows resource packs to add as many models as they want for the bow pulling animation along that spectrum, instead of being stuck with four "slots" for their models in the animation. The same is true of the compass and clock.
```

Author: It's using vanilla bow as the example.

Adding Properties to Items
--------------------------

> `ItemModelsProperties::registerProperty` is used to add a property to a certain item. The `Item` parameter is the item the property is attaching to (e.g. ExampleItems.APPLE). The `ResourceLocation` parameter is the name given to the property (e.g. `new ResourceLocation("pull")`). The `IItemPropertyGetter` is a functional interface that takes the `ItemStack`, the `ClientWorld` it's in (may be null), and the `LivingEntity` that holds it (may be null), returning the `float` value for the property. For modded item properties. It is recommended that the modid of the mod is used as the namespace (e.g. `examplemod:property` and not just `property`, as that really means `minecraft:property`). These should be done in FMLClientSetupEvent.

Reviewer: Minor nitpick:
```suggestion
`ItemModelsProperties::registerProperty` is used to add a property to a certain item. The `Item` parameter is the item the property is attaching to (e.g. ExampleItems.APPLE). The `ResourceLocation` parameter is the name given to the property (e.g. `new ResourceLocation("pull")`). The `IItemPropertyGetter` is a functional interface that takes the `ItemStack`, the `ClientWorld` it's in (may be null), and the `LivingEntity` that holds it (may be null), returning the `float` value for the property. For modded item properties, it is recommended that the modid of the mod is used as the namespace (e.g. `examplemod:property` and not just `property`, as that really means `minecraft:property`). These should be done in FMLClientSetupEvent.
```

> There's also another private method `ItemModelsProperties::registerGlobalProperty` that is used to add properties to all items, and it does not take `Item` as it's parameter since all items will apply this property.

Reviewer: Minor nitpick: 
```suggestion
There's also another private method `ItemModelsProperties::registerGlobalProperty` that is used to add properties to all items, and it does not take `Item` as its parameter since all items will apply this property.
```

> !!! important

Reviewer 3: Blank line before an admonition

    Use FMLClientSetupEvent::enqueueWork to proceed with the tasks, since the data structures in ItemModelsProperties are not threadsafe.

Using Overrides
---------------

> The format of an override can be seen on the [wiki][format], and a good example can be found in `model/item/bow.json`. For reference, here is a hypothetical example of an item with an `examplemod:power` property. If the values have no match, the default is the current model, but if there are multiple matches the predicate that is nearest to the end of the list will be used.

Reviewer 3: This addition is a bit wordy.
```suggestion
The format of an override can be seen on the [wiki][format], and a good example can be found in `model/item/bow.json`. For reference, here is a hypothetical example of an item with an `examplemod:power` property. If the values have no match, the default is the current model, but if there are multiple matches last match in the list will be selected.
```

Adding Properties to Items
--------------------------

`ItemModelsProperties::registerProperty` is used to add a property to a certain item. The `Item` parameter is the item the property is attaching to (e.g. ExampleItems.APPLE). The `ResourceLocation` parameter is the name given to the property (e.g. `new ResourceLocation("pull")`). The `IItemPropertyGetter` is a functional interface that takes the `ItemStack`, the `ClientWorld` it's in (may be null), and the `LivingEntity` that holds it (may be null), returning the `float` value for the property. For modded item properties, it is recommended that the modid of the mod is used as the namespace (e.g. `examplemod:property` and not just `property`, as that really means `minecraft:property`). These should be done in FMLClientSetupEvent.
There's also another private method `ItemModelsProperties::registerGlobalProperty` that is used to add properties to all items, and it does not take `Item` as its parameter since all items will apply this property.

!!! important
    Use FMLClientSetupEvent::enqueueWork to proceed with the tasks, since the data structures in ItemModelsProperties are not threadsafe.

Using Overrides
---------------

> The format of an override can be seen on the [wiki][format], and a good example can be found in `model/item/bow.json`. For reference, here is a hypothetical example of an item with an `examplemod:power` property. If the values have no match, the default is the current model, but if there are multiple matches last match in the list will be selected.

Reviewer: Minor adjustment:
```suggestion
The format of an override can be seen on the [wiki][format], and a good example can be found in `model/item/bow.json`. For reference, here is a hypothetical example of an item with an `examplemod:power` property. If the values have no match, the default is the current model, but if there are multiple matches, the last match in the list will be selected.
```

}
```

And here's a hypothetical snippet from the supporting code. Unlike the older versions (lower than 1.16.x), this needs to be done on client side only because ItemModelsProperties does not exist on server.

```java

> private void setup(final FMLCommonSetupEvent event)

Reviewer 4: Shouldn't this be `FMLClientSetupEvent`?
```suggestion
private void setup(final FMLClientSetupEvent event)
```

{

>   DeferredWorkQueue.runLater(() ->

Reviewer 2: As above; use `event.enqueueWork()` here

  {

>     ItemModelsProperties.func_239418_a_(ExampleItems.APPLE, 

Reviewer 2: this is `registerProperty()` in recent mappings

>       new ResourceLocation(ExampleMod.MODID, pulling"), (stack, world, living) -> {

Reviewer: > ```java
>     new ResourceLocation(ExampleMod.MODID, pulling"), (stack, world, living) -> {
> ```
Missing starting `"` for the string .

}
```

> And here's a hypothetical snippet from the supporting code. Unlike the older versions (lower than 1.16.x), this needs to be done on client side only because ItemModelsProperties does not exist on server.

Reviewer: Another minor formatting adjustment:
```suggestion
And here's a hypothetical snippet from the supporting code. Unlike the older versions (lower than 1.16.x), this needs to be done on client side only because `ItemModelsProperties` does not exist on server.
```
